docker image building for all of the docker images our integration tests require. (#622)
wireapp/wire-server: deploy/docker-ephemeral/build/README.md

A makefile that uses docker.io, and qemu-user-static to build dependencies for our integration tests.

Builds docker images for multiple architectures. allows for -j to build multiple images at once.

# Setup

## Docker
docker.io is only available from debian testing or unstable.
`apt-get install docker.io`

> after installing docker-io, add the user you are running as to the docker group, and restart X.

Reviewer: I would just link to this section instead: https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server/blob/develop/doc/Dependencies.md#docker (and update that part, if needed)

Author: done.

once you've logged in again,
# docker login --username=$(USERNAME)

## qemu
`apt-get install qemu-user-static`
`sudo service binfmt-support start`
`cat /proc/sys/fs/binfmt_misc/qemu-arm`

> make sure that you see 'flags: OCF'.

Reviewer: On fedora, the following seems sufficient:

```
sudo dnf install -y qemu-user-static
# ensure the following shows flags: F:
cat /proc/sys/fs/binfmt_misc/qemu-arm
```

Author: Added, and broke out to a separate troubleshooting section.

A makefile that uses docker.io, and qemu-user-static to build dependencies for our integration tests.

> Builds and uploadsdocker images for multiple architectures. Allows for '-j' to build multiple images at once. Uploads assume the hub.docker.com docker registry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Builds and uploads docker images for multiple architectures. Allows for '-j' to build multiple images at once. Uploads assume the hub.docker.com docker registry.
```

# Setup

## Docker

Follow the instructions in [our dependencies file](doc/Dependencies.md) to ensure you have docker installed, and logged in.

## qemu

### Debian

```bash
apt-get install qemu-user-static
sudo service binfmt-support start
```

### Fedora

'sudo dnf install -y qemu-user-static'

# Using

Assuming you have docker, and have followed the above instructions, "make build-all" should work. This builds all of the images, and places them in docker on the local machine.
to build an individual image (and it's dependent images), run "make-<imagename>". to see a list of images that are buildable, run "make names".

## Using with Dockerhub

> If you want to upload images to dockerhub, you must go to dockerhub, and create repositories under your user with the names of the images you want to upload. Again, to get the list of names buildable with this Makefile, type 'make names'.

Reviewer 3: The `Again,` seems maybe a bit sassy 😼 ; I typically wouldn't assume people read README's from start to finish; probably nicer to just state the information plainly again 😄 
```suggestion
If you want to upload images to dockerhub, you must go to dockerhub, and create repositories under your user with the names of the images you want to upload. Use `make names` to get the list of built images.
```

If you don't want to change the Makefile, add the DOCKER_USERNAME, DOCKER_EMAIL, and DOCKER_REALNAME environment variables.

> For instance, when I want to build all debian images, and upload them to dockerhub, i use:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For instance, when I want to build all debian images, and upload them to dockerhub I use:
```

```bash
make DIST=DEBIAN DOCKER_USERNAME=julialongtin DOCKER_EMAIL=julia.longtin@wire.com DOCKER_REALNAME='Julia Longtin' push-all
```

> You can also push a single image (and it's dependencies) with "make push-<imagename>".

Reviewer 3: Should the makefile have this functionality? Kinda seems like feature-bloat; what does "it's dependencies" actually mean?

Author: request from jschaul. as for dependencies, we have to build java_maven_node_python for localstack, and we build airdock_base and airdock_rvm in order to build airdock_fakesqs.

> If you want your builds to go faster, and are good with having more garbled output, use the '-j' argument to make, to parallize the builds.

Reviewer 3: Does `-j` take an argument? In most other tools I've used it does (meaning the number of jobs). If it doesn't take one here maybe `-p` would be slightly less confusing?

```suggestion
If you want your builds to go faster, and are okay with having interleaved output, use the '-j' argument to make, to parallize the builds.
```
